Absolution (Sext)
We thank You, our King, the Pantocrator, the Father of our Lord, God and Saviour, Jesus Christ, and glorify You, for You have made the hour of the Passion of Your Only-Begotten Son, a time of prayer and comfort!
Lord accept our supplication and wipe out the handwriting of our sins, that was held against us, even as You had destroyed it, at this holy hour, by the cross of Your Only-Begotten Son, Jesus Christ our Lord, and Saviour of our souls, through whom You demolished all the power of the enemy!
Grant us, O God, a pleasant time, a blameless conduct, and a peaceful life so that we may please Your holy and worshiped name; and that we may be able to stand without falling into condemnation, before the fearful and righteous seat of judgment of Your Only-Begotten Son, Jesus Christ our Lord; and that we may, together with all the saints, glorify You, the Father who is without a beginning, and the Son who is of one essence with You, and the Holy Spirit the Life-Giver; now and forever and unto the ages of all ages. Amen.

The Concluding Prayer of Every Hour
Have mercy upon us O God, have mercy upon us, who, at all times and at every hour, is worshipped and glorified in heaven and on earth. O Christ, our good Lord, who is longsuffering, abundant in mercy and full of compassion, who loves the righteous and shows mercy to all sinners, of whom I am chief; who does not wish the death of the sinner but rather to repent and to live; who calls all men to salvation and to the promised forthcoming rewards. O Lord, accept our prayers at this hour and at every hour. Facilitate our lives, and guide us to act according to Your commandments. Sanctify our souls, cleanse our bodies, set aright our thoughts, purify our intentions, heal our sickness, forgive us our sins and deliver us from every evil grief and anguish of heart. Surround us by Your holy angels that we may be
guided and guarded by them to attain the unity of the faith and the knowledge of Your imperceptible and infinite glory, for You are blessed forever. Amen