Absolution (Sext)
O God, the Father of our Lord, God and Saviour, Jesus Christ, through whose manifestation You saved and delivered us from the captivity of the enemy. We implore You, in His great and blessed name, to turn our minds away from worldly cares and carnal desires to the remembrance of Your heavenly judgments. Fulfill in us Your love for mankind, O Good Father. Let our prayers at this ninth hour and at all times, be favourably accepted before You! Grant us to have a walk worthy of the calling with which we were called, so that when we depart from this body, we may be counted among the true worshipers, worthy of the Passion of Your Only-Begotten Son, Jesus Christ our Lord, and so that we may attain mercy, forgiveness and salvation, with the elect saints who truly pleased You since the beginning and till the end of time. Lord abolish all the power of the

adversary and all his evil hosts, even as Your Only-Begotten Son had trampled on them by the power of His life-giving cross!
Accept us unto You, O our Lord Jesus Christ as You accepted the thief on Your right while You were hanging on the cross. Cause Your light to shine upon us as You shone upon those who were dwelling in the darkness of Hades. Restore us all to Paradise, for You, our Lord, are the blessed God, unto whom is due glory and honour and might and power and worship, together with Your Good Father and the Holy Spirit, forever and ever. Amen.

The Concluding Prayer of Every Hour
Have mercy upon us O God, have mercy upon us, who, at all times and at every hour, is worshipped and glorified in heaven and on earth. O Christ, our good Lord, who is longsuffering, abundant in mercy and full of compassion, who loves the righteous and shows mercy to all sinners, of whom I am chief; who does not wish the death of the sinner but rather to repent and to live; who calls all men to salvation and to the promised forthcoming rewards. O Lord, accept our prayers at this hour and at every hour. Facilitate our lives, and guide us to act according to Your commandments. Sanctify our souls, cleanse our bodies, set aright our thoughts, purify our intentions, heal our sickness, forgive us our sins and deliver us from every evil grief and anguish of heart. Surround us by Your holy angels that we may be
guided and guarded by them to attain the unity of the faith and the knowledge of Your imperceptible and infinite glory, for You are blessed forever. Amen