First Absolution
O God, Lord of hosts, who exists before all ages and abides forever; who created the sun for daylight and the night to provide rest for all men; we thank You, O King of all ages, for You granted us to pass this night in peace and have brought us to daybreak. Therefore, we ask You, Our Lord, King of all ages: make Your face shine upon us, and let the light of Your divine knowledge enlighten us. O our Master, grant us to be children of light and of day, so that we may pass this day in righteousness, purity and good conduct; and that we may complete the rest of the days of our life without stumbling; through the grace, compassion, and the love of mankind of Your Only-Begotten Son, Jesus Christ, and the gift of the Holy Spirit, now and at all times and to the end of all ages. Amen.

Second Absolution
O Lord, who brings forth light and who makes His sun rise upon the good as well as on the evil, who made the light that shines upon the whole world; we ask You, Master of all, to enlighten our minds, our hearts, and our understanding. Grant us to please You this day. Protect us from all evil, all sin, and all the power of the enemy; through Christ Jesus our Lord, who is blessed and glorified with You, our Father, and with the Holy Spirit, the Life- Giver, who is of one essence with You, now and at all times, and to the end of all ages. Amen.
The Concluding Prayer of Every Hour Have mercy upon us O God, have mercy upon us, who, at all times and at every hour, is worshipped and glorified in heaven and on earth. O Christ, our good Lord, who is longsuffering, abundant in mercy and full of compassion, who loves the righteous and shows mercy to all sinners, of whom I am chief; who does not wish the death of the sinner but rather to repent and to live; who calls all men to salvation and to the promised forthcoming rewards. O Lord, accept our prayers at this hour and at every hour. Facilitate our lives, and guide us to act according to Your commandments. Sanctify our souls, cleanse our bodies, set aright our thoughts, purify our intentions, heal our sickness, forgive us our sins and deliver us from every evil grief and anguish of heart. Surround us by Your holy angels that we may be guided and guarded by them to attain the unity of the faith and the knowledge of Your imperceptible and infinite glory, 
for You are blessed forever. Amen.